BLACKPINK In Your Area
Been A Bad Girl I know I Am
And Im So Hot I Need A Fan
I Dont Want A Boy I Need A Man
Click-Clakc Badda Bing
Badda Boom
Munu bak chamyo modu
Nal barabom
Guji eso noryo ganedo modu
Namja duro kopiga
Pan Pa Pan
Ran pan Para Para
Pan Pan Pan
Jigum nal wia chuk beru
Jan Jan Jan
Hands Up ne sonen
Bottle Full O Henny
Niga maloma duton giga naya
Jennie
Chum chunun bul
Bichu nal gamsago done
Black To The Pink
Odi sodun tuk byore
Oh Yes
Choda bodun maldun
I Wanna Dance
Like Tara Dara Dantan
Tara Dara Dantan Tuduru Pau
Jowa ibuni giga jowa
Jowa nan jigum niga jowa
Jonmal baneso onul bam
Nowa chum chugo shipo
Boombayah
Yah Yah Yah Boombayah
Yah Yah Yah Yah
Boom Boom Ba Boom Ba
Oppa Yah Yah Yah Yah
Yah Yah Yah Yah~
Yah Yah Oppa
Yah Yah Yah Yah
Boom Boom Ba
Boombayah
BLACKPINK In Your Area
Uh ine dalyo yaji moro toke
Nan chorob sogo bobso Man
Middle Finger Up F U Pay Me
90S Baby I Pump Up The jam
Dalyo ba dalyo ba oppa
Ya lambo
Onuro nowa najol mumul gamble
Gami namk jima hok shina nuga
Nama kado
Im Gonna Go Brrrr Rambo
Niso nine
Horirul gamsago done
Front To My Back
Nemo menun tuk byore
Oh Yes
Ninun bichu
I Know You Wanna Touch
Like Touch Touch
Touch Touch tuduro pau
Jowa ibuni giga jowa
Jowa nan jigum niga jowa
Jonmal moshiso onul Bam
Nowa chum chugo shipo
Boombayah
Yah Yah Yah Boombayah
Yah Yah Yah Yah
Boom Boom Ba Boom Ba
Oppa Yah Yah Yah Yah
Yah Yah Yah Yah~
Yah Yah Oppa
Yah Yah Yah Yah
Boom Boom Ba Boombayah
Onurun Men jonshin tawin borigo
Hanuro nomoso ola gal goya
Kujul moruge pali daligo shipo
Lets Go
Whooo
Onurun Men jonshin tawin borigo
Hanuro nomoso ola gal goya
Kujul moruge pali daligo shipo
Lets Go
Whooo